Panel conversion implementation (#202)
angelolab/toffy: README.md

```

## Panel format
Many of the scripts in `toffy` require a panel file, identifying which targets have been put on which masses.  

> You can download your panel [here](https://angelolab.ionpath.com/tracker/panel); select the correct panel and click `Download csv`.

Reviewer: This should instead be a screenshot of the panel interface on the tracker and where the download button is. Other labs will have their own link, not angelolab.

## Panel format
Many of the scripts in toffy require a panel file, identifying which targets have been put on which masses. You can download your panel online from the Ionpath MibiTracker under the resources tab. In the panels section, open your panel and click `Download csv`.

> ![panel download](templates/img/panel_download.png) 

Reviewer: Add a red box around the download CSV button on the image

You should then copy the file to the `C:\\Users\\Customer.ION\\Documents\panel_files` directory, and rename the file to be descriptive of your run.

> The toffy notebooks will automatically convert the ionpath panel to a correct toffy structure, and add any new targets required for downstream analysis (necessary targets can be found in the [example panel file](https://github.com/angelolab/toffy/blob/main/files/example_panel_file.csv)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The toffy notebooks expect the panel files to be formatted slightly differently than the Ionpath default. The first time your panel is read in to one of the notebooks, it will be automatically modified by our scripts to contain the necessary information for toffy processing. This includes adding additional channels which are used for compensation, a full list of which can be found in the [example panel file](https://github.com/angelolab/toffy/blob/main/files/example_panel_file.csv)).
```
